Hi guys
I ate it I decided to sing a little I carefully
accumulated questions so let's see what
my fans ask me questions
probably very interesting at home fucking well
epita saws tutor on the sly exact date
I can not say
what we have next in general in the last
Split my wire squeezed Viet Cong into
the army on the wires we have opted for yagis and
accidentally I joined the army instead
after a month the service sent me home
since i am all grandfathers
pussy now i'm with you again next
I do not remember the question we were going after Lana
booze yaga and then she somehow came
inspiration next unfortunately
only team players have chlenix
na'vi
All questions about this write my
experience of game vx 13 years old and when i first
turned it on
no I do n't play I heard there mostly
pedophiles sit and breed small
boys just enough fast
blink while watching of course
there is no way you take all the rest who
filled out an application namely 518 people
do n't even know maybe just
ass foot after three sacred mats
they were nailed to the table
now it only remains to pussy mice
about 300 Chinese so this is my
real voice
yes, maybe I'll do it soon
Dachshund I answered 13 questions this is mine
favorite number you can set them in
special topic
in this group possible in the future still
I will make a similar release and thanks
zeus u populated me very nice to everyone
bye and good luck